gh-85299: Add note warning about entry point guard for asyncio example (#93457)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-eventloop.rst

                  pool, cpu_bound)
              print('custom process pool', result)

      if __name__ == '__main__':
          asyncio.run(main())

   Note that on Windows and macOS, the entry point guard may be necessary as the
   example would otherwise cause a :exc:`RuntimeError`. For more details, see the
   `Safe importing of main module

>    <https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#the-spawn-and-forkserver-start-methods>`_.

Reviewer: I propose to simplify the note to the following:

> Note that the entry point guard (`if __name__ == '__main__'`) is required for option 3, due to the peculiarities of `multiprocessing`, which is used by `ProcessPoolExecutor`. See (link).

There should be three cross-references:

- multiprocessing (the module)
- ProcessPoolExecutor (the class)
- Safe importing of main module

For the latter I recommend to add a label to the target section in multiprocessing.rst rather than linking to the website. (@CAM-Gerlach can provide details on how to do this.)

Author: My understanding though is that option 3 fails when `spawn`/`forkserver` is the process start method, and only Windows + mac default to `spawn`, while unix defaults to `fork`, so saying 'is required' may be a bit too strong. If 'may be required' instead, then the reader might wonder why 'may', in which case I think a link to https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods somewhere would help explain things.

Reviewer: That's too subtle for the readers. We're not stating the law, we're just explaining the example.

Reviewer 2: See [my comment](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/93457/files#r996388391) for a suggestion implementing the above and the details Guido mentioned.

>    Note that on Windows and macOS, the entry point guard may be necessary as the
>    example would otherwise cause a :exc:`RuntimeError`. For more details, see the
>    `Safe importing of main module
>    <https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#the-spawn-and-forkserver-start-methods>`_.

Reviewer 2: Yeah; please don't use hardcoded external links to internal docs locations—they are needlessly klunky, less precise, more verbose, break more easily and don't give you a warning when they do. 

Wrapping everything up in a suggestion, with some minor tweaks:

```suggestion
   Note that the entry point guard (``if __name__ == '__main__'``)
   is required for option 3 due to the peculiarities of :mod:`multiprocessing`,
   which is used by :class:`~concurrent.futures.ProcessPoolExecutor.
   See :ref:`Safe importing of main module <multiprocessing-safe-main-import>`.
```

As Guido mentioned, you'll need to add a ref target label (which I name `.. _multiprocessing-safe-main-import:`) right before the deflist item `Safe importing of main module` under the "spawn and forkserver start methods" section of the `multiprocessing` module docs. I.e., it should look like:

```rst
    However, global variables which are just module level constants cause no
    problems.

.. _multiprocessing-safe-main-import:

Safe importing of main module
```

Author: Thanks, I was checking on whether there was a way to do it without a ref label, but it makes sense that adding it guards against any header name changes and so on.

      asyncio.run(main())

>    Note that on macOS, an entry point guard may be needed as the example would

Reviewer 3: It would be better to just add `__name__ == '__main__'`. This happens on Windows too not just macOS.

Reviewer: Exactly.

Author: That's a good point, Windows also defaults to `spawn` so looks like it runs into the same issue as mac. Should this note still remain as an fyi, or just change the example to fix the problem and leave out the note? It's customary to have the guard in general but knowing why it fails without might still be helpful, but I don't feel too strongly either way.
